README.md, before:

                        Student-Course JDBC App
            📖 Overview
            This project is a simple Java application that demonstrates JDBC concepts using PostgreSQL. 
            Now includes a many-to-many relationship between students and courses.

            It currently includes functionality to:

            Connect to a PostgreSQL database
            Perform CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) for students via the DAO pattern
            Managing enrollments with JOIN queries and many-to-many mappings
            
            📂 Project Structure
            src/
            ├── config/        # Database configuration
            ├── dao/           # Data access objects
            ├── entity/        # Entities representing database tables
            ├── main/          # Main classes for running the application

            🛠️ Requirements
            Java: JDK 8 or higher
            
            PostgreSQL: Version 12 or higher
            
            Maven: For dependency management
            
            🔧 Setup Instructions
            Install PostgreSQL:
            
            Create a database student_course_db.
            
            Create a table students with the following SQL:
            
            sql
            CREATE TABLE students (
            id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
            name VARCHAR(100),
            age INT
            );

            CREATE TABLE courses (
            id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
            name VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL
            );
            
            CREATE TABLE student_courses (
            student_id INT REFERENCES students(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
            course_id INT REFERENCES courses(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
            PRIMARY KEY (student_id, course_id)
            );

            Configure Database:
            
            Update the DatabaseConfig class with your PostgreSQL credentials:
            
            java
            public class DatabaseConfig {
            public static final String URL = "jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/student_course_db";
            public static final String USER = "your_user";
            public static final String PASSWORD = "your_password";
            }

            Build the Project:
            
            Run mvn clean install to build the project and resolve dependencies.
            
            Run the Application:
            
            Execute the main.TestConnection class to test the connection and retrieve, create, update, 
            or delete student and course data..
            
            📋 Dependencies
            Include the PostgreSQL JDBC Driver in your pom.xml:
            
            xml
            <dependency>
            <groupId>org.postgresql</groupId>
            <artifactId>postgresql</artifactId>
            <version>42.7.5</version>
            </dependency>
            🚀 Features
            Implements the DAO (Data Access Object) pattern for cleanly separating database logic

            Provides basic CRUD operations for students
            
            Demonstrates JDBC concepts like Connection, PreparedStatement, and ResultSet

            Manages enrollments using JOIN queries
            
            📝 Notes
            Ensure PostgreSQL is running before executing the application.
            
            Customize database credentials in the DatabaseConfig class as per your local setup
            
            💡 Future Enhancements

            Prevent duplicate enrollments using unique constraints

            Add CLI menus for easier enrollment management
            
            Explore integration with ORM frameworks like Hibernate

Commit message:

Add service layer and console-based UI with menu options

README.md, after:

                        Student-Course JDBC App
            📖 Overview
            This project is a simple Java application that demonstrates JDBC concepts using PostgreSQL. 
            It includes a many-to-many relationship between students and courses.
            It incorporates clean, layered architecture for better separation of concerns and expandability.

            It currently includes functionality to:

            Connect to a PostgreSQL database
            Perform CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) for students via the DAO pattern
            Managing enrollments with JOIN queries and many-to-many mappings
            
            📂 Project Structure
            src/
            ├── config/        # Database configuration
            ├── dao/           # Data access objects
            │   ├── impl/      # DAO implementations
            ├── entity/        # Entities representing database tables
            ├── main/          # Main classes for running the application
            ├── service/       # Service layer for business logic
            │   ├── impl/      # Service implementations
            🛠️ Requirements
            Java: JDK 8 or higher
            
            PostgreSQL: Version 12 or higher
            
            Maven: For dependency management
            
            🔧 Setup Instructions
            Install PostgreSQL:
            
            Create a database student_course_db.
            
            Create a table students with the following SQL:
            
            sql
            CREATE TABLE students (
            id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
            name VARCHAR(100),
            age INT
            );

            CREATE TABLE courses (
            id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
            name VARCHAR(100) NOT NULL
            );
            
            CREATE TABLE student_courses (
            student_id INT REFERENCES students(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
            course_id INT REFERENCES courses(id) ON DELETE CASCADE,
            PRIMARY KEY (student_id, course_id)
            );

            Configure Database:
            
            Update the DatabaseConfig class with your PostgreSQL credentials:
            
            java
            public class DatabaseConfig {
            public static final String URL = "jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/student_course_db";
            public static final String USER = "your_user";
            public static final String PASSWORD = "your_password";
            }

            Build the Project:
            
            Run mvn clean install to build the project and resolve dependencies.
            
            Run the Application:
            
            Execute the main.TestConnection class to test the connection and retrieve, create, update, 
            or delete student and course data..

            Use Main.java for running the console-based interface.
            
            📋 Dependencies
            Include the PostgreSQL JDBC Driver in your pom.xml:
            
            xml
            <dependency>
            <groupId>org.postgresql</groupId>
            <artifactId>postgresql</artifactId>
            <version>42.7.5</version>
            </dependency>
            🚀 Features
            Implements the DAO pattern to ensure database logic is separated.

            Introduces a service layer for validation and business rules.
            
            Provides a console-based menu to interact with the system.
            
            Demonstrates many-to-many mappings using JOIN queries.
            
            📝 Notes
            Ensure PostgreSQL is running before executing the application.
            
            Customize database credentials in the DatabaseConfig class as per your local setup
            
            💡 Future Enhancements

            Enrollment Validation: Prevent duplicate enrollments with unique constraints.

            Enhanced Console UI: Add more user-friendly navigation.
            
            Integration: Consider ORM frameworks like Hibernate for advanced functionality.
